[docs] Reduce the use of "our", "We"... (#17347)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/icons/icons.md

### Decorative Font Icons

If your icons are purely decorative, you’re already done!

> The `aria-hidden=true` attribute isa dded so that your icons are properly accessible (invisible).

Author: ```suggestion
The `aria-hidden=true` attribute is added so that your icons are properly accessible (invisible).
```
